- [Instructor] A big part of being connected to the internet
is having access to the seemingly unlimited amounts
of information out there.
As you may know,
the best way to find information you're looking for
is to perform a search through a search engine.
A search engine is an online resource
that systematically catalogs the contents of the web
so that when you perform a search,
you can bring up webpages matching the words or terms
you're looking for.
There are many search engines out there,
and you've probably heard of at least a few of them,
like Google, Yahoo, Microsoft Bing, or DuckDuckGo.
Searching is such an integral part
of being on the web that all modern web browsers
have web searching built in.
For example, to perform a search,
I could go to bing.com
here in my Microsoft Edge browser,
and I could type the term I'm searching for
in the search field here.
But Bing is also the default search engine in Edge,
and almost all browsers allow you to set
the default search engine you want to use.
So for example,
if I wanted to search for information
about Yosemite National Park,
I can type that right into the address bar,
regardless of whether I'm on bing.com or not.
Notice as I type,
suggestions to complete my search term start appearing.
If I see the one I want,
I can just click it.
Otherwise I could have kept typing
and pressed enter to search.
And now I'm looking at my search results on Bing.
Each search result is a link that will take me to the page
or website that Bing has found.
To help me determine
if the page includes the information I'm looking for,
most of the results also have a few excerpts of text
from those pages and some images.
For example, here's the Wikipedia page
for Yosemite National Park,
which I might want to read to learn a little bit more
about the history of the park.
So clicking that link takes me to the website,
and as you can see in the address bar,
I'm now viewing Wikipedia.
If this isn't what I was looking for,
or if I just want to browse other pages Bing found,
I can click the back button
to go back to the previous page of results.
Notice that in addition to web pages,
there's plenty of information here too.
I can click about and see a summary about the park,
I can get directions from my current location
to Yosemite, and I can visit the official website
using the website button here.
And as you saw when I scrolled down,
we can find news and photos related to Yosemite.
If I scroll back up,
I'll find categories that allow me to narrow my search
to just images of Yosemite or videos of Yosemite,
as well as maps, news, and even shopping pages
where I could find products related to Yosemite
that I can purchase.
Let's say I'm looking for photos right now.
I'll click images.
And just like that, I see the results.
As I roll over each image,
I see information about the source of the images.
Many of these appear to be from articles about Yosemite.
And clicking an image allows me to see it at a larger size,
and I can click the arrows here
to browse through my results this way.
I'll click the X button here
to see the smaller images again.
Notice at the top of the image results,
we see a row of suggestions that may help you narrow down
the type of image you're searching for.
So maybe instead of searching
for general photos of Yosemite,
I want to search for photos of winter in the park.
And there we are.
So this has been a quick look
at how most modern search engines make it easier to find
the information and other content
you're looking for on the web.